# Cinematic Moving

# Our goal was to help our client, Augustin B, determine from a short list what his preferred city to move to would be. He wanted to move to one of 5 cities where he has family: Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Miami, Phoenix, and Houston.

# Our client's preferences were to move somewhere where there were a lot of cinemas, wasn't too humid, and had reasonable housing prices.

# In this study, we leveraged Geoapify, OpenWeather, and CSV's generated by Zillow to gather the relevant data for our client.

# Specific notes on the CSV's we sourced: 

"This notebook pulls from two CSV files that were obtained from Zillow's Housing Data: https://www.zillow.com/research/data/, CSV file "INVENTORY: For-Sale Inventory (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly)" and CSV file "LIST AND SALE PRICES: Median List Price (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly)".

CSV file "INVENTORY: For-Sale Inventory (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly)" provides the count of homes available in each location per month. CSV file "LIST AND SALE PRICES: Median List Price (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly)" provides the average price of listings in each location per month.

This notebook takes both CSV files and combines them into a single dataset. It then organizes them into an understandable structure, selecting only our top five cities. After selecting the top five cities, it then creates visuals to display the data in two different bar charts."

# Geoapify showed that the greatest density of cinemas was in Los Angeles.

# However, the Zillow CSVs showed that of the cities he could pick to move to, that Los Angeles would likely be the most expensive, per the mean.

# So, moving to the next two cities with the greatest number of cinemas, we looked at the housing prices.

# Here we see that between Las Vegas and Miami, Las Vegas has the better home prices, but also less availability. 

# Finally the data indicated that Augustin B had a choice to make based on which compromise was more palatable to him: to either play the long game and be patient and wait for an appropriate listing to come up for Las Vegas, or to go to Miami where he is more likely to find a house, but where it is also more humid. 
